Joana Rodriguez 
AP Computer Science
January 16,2018 
7th Period 

                                                        #Individual Report 

     Marvel and DC are shared universe where the stories in most American comic book titles and other media published by either 
 Marvel Entertainment or DC Entertainment take place.  These two studios have been competing against each other for quite some while now 
 and have been debates which is the studio over superhero films. 
    The selection that we choose to identify datasets, was Marvel Universe vs. DC Universe, demonstrating the huge diversity within both 
Universes. We started off with the whole concept of sports since it is a well known content for having a large quantity of players and 
viewers, but we soon discovered their wasn’t really much information to portray. So we decided to switch with our second idea of course
the product wasn’t necessary developed we’ve a grasp of having the genre of movies. The more we discussed the greater our ideas
accumulated leading to comparing and contrasting studios over the population. This is why our questions are very valuable to the industry, 
what we did to ask the important questions was to evaluate / compare the charts of Marvel Universe and DC Universe in general.
With these topics we decided to compare them within each other getting incredible results towards the end. By visualising and analysing
we’ve discovered that Marvel had more interest to viewers than DC and that is mainly clustered over the United States and Alaska instead 
of other regions. The challenges that we’ve face during this process was being able to find reliable and accurate data throughout the years.
    Once having a visual outlook of the two Universe we’ve discovered that the reason Marvel had a higher impact than DC was 4
 because the characters and actors they’ve featured, but the higher rankings they’ve gotten over all is considered the Avengers. 
 These are the main contrast between these Universes. Although there are still movies to come out in the further future also shown
 on a timeline listed till the year 2020.
